本隱私政策描述了隱私數據相關政策與實踐，包括如何收集、使用、處理、存儲、訪問或公開通過手機應用程序收集到的隱私數據。有關你的個人資訊，請仔細閱讀我們的隱私政策。



1.關於個人資訊的收集以及數據訪問。

1.1.我們如何收集你的個人資訊。

個人資訊是可以用來唯一地識別或聯系某人的數據。

當您使用我們的移動應用程序時，我們可以在使用過程中使用您的行动电话網絡運營商和網絡。為了保護您的隱私，您不應提供除了我們的特殊要求以外的任何資訊。

1.2.我們會收集用戶平時的一些使用資訊。

例如兼職記錄，排行記錄等，以供我們對資料處理使用，以便於統計分析。我們只會使用這些數據，不會向協力廠商或者是他人透露用戶平常的使用資訊，以保證用戶的權益。

2.我們如何使用你的個人資訊。

2.1.除我們重組、合併、出售外，本我們收集的所有個人資料均可轉讓給有關協力廠商。我們不會向任何無關的協力廠商提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的個人資訊。除非事先獲得您的許可，或者如果協力廠商和我們單獨或聯合地向您提供服務，並且在服務結束後，它將被禁止訪問以前能够訪問的所有此類資訊。

2.2.個人資訊安全。

保證個人資料安全對我們至關重要。當你在我們的移動應用程序上時，我們用安全通訊端層（SSL）加密它。

在資料傳輸和數據保留階段，我們都通過廣泛接受的行業標準（如防火牆、加密和數據隱私法律要求）保護您提交給我們的資訊。

然而，沒有互聯網傳輸或電子存儲方法是100%安全的。囙此，雖然我們保護您的個人資訊在商業上可接受的管道，不能保證資訊將絕對安全。

2.3.我們將保留多長時間的個人資訊。

一般來說，我們只保留您的個人資訊用於執行所需的採集週期，並將遵守數據保留期所適用的法律。

3.法律免責聲明

3.1.我們有權這樣做的時候，法律規定，如果我們相信我們必須披露關於你來保護我們的合法權益或符合司法程式的資訊，法院的命令或法律程式適用於我們的移動應用程序。透露你的個人資訊。

如果我們决定披露以執行我們的條款和條件或保護我們的行動合理和必要的，我們可能會透露有關您的資訊。

4.隱私政策的變化

4.1.如果我們决定改變我們的隱私政策，我們將在這一政策的變化，在我們的網站上，並在我們認為合適的，讓你瞭解我們如何收集和使用您的個人資訊，誰可以訪問它，和在什麼的情况下，我們將披露此資訊。

本我們隨時有權修改此政策，請經常檢查。如有重大更改，本我們會在網站上通知你。

5.隱私問題

如果您對我們的隱私政策或資料處理有任何疑問或關注，請在2098630013@qq.com聯繫我們。



This privacy policy describes policies and practices related to privacy data, including how to collect, use, process, store, access or expose privacy data collected through mobile applications. For your personal information, please read our privacy policy carefully.



1. about personal information collection and data access.

1.1. how do we collect your personal information?

Personal information is the data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.

When you use our mobile application, we can use your mobile phone network operator and network during use. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than our special requirements.

1.2. we will collect some user's usual usage information.

For example, part time records, ranking records, etc., for our data processing, so as to facilitate statistical analysis. We will only use these data, will not disclose to third parties or other people the user's usual use of information to protect the interests of users.

2. how do we use your personal information?

2.1. Except for our reorganization, merger and sale, all personal data collected by us can be transferred to the third party concerned. We will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party. Unless your permission is obtained beforehand, or if a third party and us provide services to you individually or jointly, and when the service is over, it will be prohibited from accessing all such information before.

2.2. personal information security.

Ensuring personal data security is very important to us. When you are on our mobile application, we use the secure sockets layer (SSL) to encrypt it.

During the data transfer and data retention phase, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption, and data privacy laws.

However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% safe. Therefore, while we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable way, there is no guarantee that it will be absolutely safe.

2.3. how long will we keep personal information?

Generally speaking, we only retain your personal information for the required collection period and will comply with the law applicable to the data retention period.

3. Legal Disclaimer

3.1. When we have the right to do so, the law stipulates that if we believe we must disclose information about you protecting our legitimate rights and interests or conforming to judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures apply to our mobile applications. Reveal your personal information.

If we decide to disclose what is reasonable and necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or to protect our actions, we may disclose information about you.

4. changes in privacy policy

4.1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will change this policy on our website and, as we see fit, let you know how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and in what circumstances we will disclose this information.

We have the right to modify this policy at any time. Please check it regularly. If there are any major changes, we will notify you on the website.

5. privacy issues

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at 2098630013@qq.com.