本隐私政策描述了浙江正元智慧科技股份有限公司（以下简称本公司）的隐私数据相关政策与实践，包括如何收集、使用、处理、存储、访问或公开通过手机应用程序收集到的隐私数据。有关你的个人信息，请仔细阅读我们的隐私政策。

1.关于个人信息的收集以及数据访问。
1.1.公司如何收集你的个人信息。
个人信息是可以用来唯一地识别或联系某人的数据。
当您使用我们的移动应用程序时，我们可以在使用过程中使用您的移动电话网络运营商和网络。为了保护您的隐私，您不应提供除了我们的特殊要求以外的任何信息。
1.2.公司会收集用户平时的一些使用信息。
例如刷卡记录，开卡记录等，以供我们对数据处理使用，以便于统计分析。我们只会使用这些数据，不会向第三方或者是他人透露用户平常的使用信息，以保证用户的权益。
2.公司如何使用你的个人信息。
2.1.除公司重组、合并、出售外，本公司收集的所有个人资料均可转让给有关第三方。公司不会向任何无关的第三方提供、出售、出租、分享或交易您的个人信息。除非事先获得您的许可，或者如果第三方和公司单独或联合地向您提供服务，并且在服务结束后，它将被禁止访问以前能够访问的所有此类信息。
2.2.个人信息安全。
保证个人数据安全对我们至关重要。当你在公司的移动应用程序上时，我们用安全套接字层（SSL）加密它。
在数据传输和数据保留阶段，我们都通过广泛接受的行业标准（如防火墙、加密和数据隐私法律要求）保护您提交给我们的信息。
然而，没有互联网传输或电子存储方法是100%安全的。因此，虽然我们保护您的个人信息在商业上可接受的方式，不能保证信息将绝对安全。
2.3.公司将保留多长时间的个人信息。
一般来说，公司只保留您的个人信息用于执行所需的采集周期，并将遵守数据保留期所适用的法律。
3.法律免责声明
3.1.我们有权这样做的时候，法律规定，如果我们相信我们必须披露关于你来保护我们的合法权益或符合司法程序的信息，法院的命令或法律程序适用于我们的移动应用程序。透露你的个人信息。
如果公司决定披露以执行公司的条款和条件或保护我们的行动合理和必要的，我们可能会透露有关您的信息。
4.隐私政策的变化
4.1.如果我们决定改变我们的隐私政策，我们将在这一政策的变化，在我们的网站上，并在我们认为合适的，让你了解我们如何收集和使用您的个人信息，谁可以访问它，和在什么的情况下，我们将披露此信息。
本公司随时有权修改此政策，请经常检查。如有重大更改，本公司会在网站上通知你。
5.隐私问题
如果您对我们的隐私政策或数据处理有任何疑问或关注，请在www.hzsun.com联系我们。






This privacy policy describes Zhejiang Zhengyuan Intelligent Technology Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the company) privacy data related policies and practices, including how to collect, use, process, store, access or publish the privacy data collected through mobile applications. For your personal information, please read our privacy policy carefully.



1. about personal information collection and data access.

How does 1.1. collect your personal information?

Personal information is the data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact someone.

When you use our mobile application, we can use your mobile phone network operator and network during use. In order to protect your privacy, you should not provide any information other than our special requirements.

1.2. will collect users' usual usage information.

For example, credit card record, card recording and so on, for us to use data processing, in order to facilitate statistical analysis. We will only use these data, will not disclose to third parties or other people the user's usual use of information to protect the interests of users.

2. how does a company use your personal information?

2.1. All personal data collected by the Company may be transferred to the third party concerned except for reorganization, merger and sale of the Company. The company will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party. Unless you have prior permission, or if a third party and a company provide services to you individually or jointly, and when the service is over, it will be prohibited from accessing all such information before.

2.2. personal information security.

Ensuring personal data security is very important to us. When you are on the company's mobile application, we use the secure sockets layer (SSL) to encrypt it.

During the data transfer and data retention phase, we protect the information you submit to us through widely accepted industry standards such as firewalls, encryption, and data privacy laws.

However, no Internet transmission or electronic storage method is 100% safe. Therefore, while we protect your personal information in a commercially acceptable way, there is no guarantee that it will be absolutely safe.

How long will 2.3. keep personal information?

In general, the company will retain only your personal information for the required collection period and will comply with the law applicable to the data retention period.

3. Legal Disclaimer

3.1. When we have the right to do so, the law stipulates that if we believe we must disclose information about you protecting our legitimate rights and interests or conforming to judicial procedures, court orders or legal procedures apply to our mobile applications. Reveal your personal information.

We may disclose information about you if the company decides to disclose what is reasonable and necessary to enforce the terms and conditions of the company or to protect our actions.

4. changes in privacy policy

4.1. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will change this policy on our website and, as we see fit, let you know how we collect and use your personal information, who can access it, and in what circumstances we will disclose this information.

Our company has the right to modify this policy at any time. Please check it regularly. If there is any major change, we will notify you on the website.

5. privacy issues

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy or data processing, please contact us at www.hzsun.com